Key Features
Powerful CPU: ARM® Cortex®-M0+ 32bit 48MHz microcontroller(SAMD21G18) with 256KB Flash,32KB SRAM
Flexible compatibility: Compatible with Arduino IDE
Easy project operation: Breadboard-friendly
Small size: As small as a thumb(20x17.5mm) for wearable devices and small projects.
Multiple development interfaces: 11 digital/analogue pins, 10 PWM Pins, 1 DAC output, 1 SWD Bonding pad interface, 1 I2C interface, 1 UART interface, 1 SPI interface.

Description
Take a look at Seeeduino XIAO. What a small size and cute looking! It is the smallest member of the Seeeduino family. 
Seeeduino XIAO still carries the powerful CPU-ARM® Cortex®-M0+(SAMD21G18) which is a low-power Arduino microcontroller. 
On the other hand, this little board has good performance in processing but needs less power. As a matter of fact, it is 
designed in a tiny size and can be used for Arduino wearable devices and small projects.

Apart from the strong CPU, Seeeduino XIAO is excellent in many other functions. It has 14 GPIO PINs, 
which can be used for 11 analogue PINs, 11 digital PINs, 1 I2C interface, 1 UART interface, and 1 SPI interface. 
Some PINs have various functions, A1/D1 to A10/D10 Pins have PWM functions and Pin A0/D0 has a function of DAC
which means you can get true analogue signals not PWM signals when you define it as an analogue pin, that’s why 
14 GPIO PINs can realize more I/O PINs and interfaces. Moreover, Seeeduino XIAO supports the USB Type-C interface 
which can supply power and download code. There are power pads at the back of the XIAO which support battery and 
make it designed for wearable devices to become realistic. Except for the power LED, we add a user LED on board 
for your better coding experience. Usually a Dev. Board as small as this size will use the chip’s inner crystal 
oscillator for time fixing, in order to make the clock more accurate, Seeeduino XIAO layouts an extra 32.768KHz to make the clock more stable.

Seeeduino XIAO is perfectly compatible with Arduino IDE, you can easily develop some small projects with 
the help of the large and comprehensive Arduino library. So get one and you will soon love it!


Attention

All the I/O pins are 3.3V, please do not input more than 3.3V, otherwise, the CPU may be damaged.

Specification
CPU: ARM Cortex-M0+ CPU(SAMD21G18) running at up to 48MHz
Storage: 256KB Flash,32KB SRAM
I/O PINs: 14 GPIO PINs,11 analogue PINs, 11 digital PINs, 1 DAC output Pin
Interface: 1 I2C interface,1 UART interface, 1 SPI interface
Power supply and downloading interface: USB Type-C interface
LEDs: 1 user LED, 1 power LED, two LEDs for serial port downloading
Reset button: two reset button short connect to reset
Power Pads: For the battery power supply
Software compatibility: Compatible with Arduino IDE
Projection cover for protecting the circuit
Dimensions: 20x17.5x3.5 mm
